---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Comments on Project Evaluation Activity
---
The project my group was assigned to evaluate was Godot. For the most part, answering the evaluation questions was a breeze **except** for the "Activity Level". I wish I had raised my hand in the beginning of class to ask "Is there a way to filter pull requests, issues, and commits for the past six months?". Perhaps, I would have been a hero that Tuesday morning (assuming others had the same issue). Although I believed there existed a way to filter for the past 6 months, my teammates and I found our answers manually. We ended up having to do good old elementary math. For instance, we would go to "closed issues", count the max issues that appear on one page and get the number of pages since six months ago (MAX issues in one page * # of pages = ~# of closed issues in the past 6 months). Besides the unexpected math in the morning, the evaluation activity served as a reminder on what to look for in projects besides the essential four documents. The activity overall ingrained in me the importance of an active and friendly community in an open source project.

---
Top Picks
---
I'm an active user for all three projects, which is why I believe I'd be able to contribute to them.

-[freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp)<br>


-[Atom](https://github.com/atom)<br>


-[OpenStreetMap](https://github.com/openstreetmap)<br>

---
OSS Contributions
---
I was unsure of one of my contributions to OSM. I added a woodworking shop to OSM, however the closest label I could find to the shop was "Carpentry". I feel as if I'm doing an injustice to the shop by labeling it as a "Carpentry" shop, as the shop does repairs and custom furniture. I debated in labeling the shop as "Artwork" as I've seen beautifully carved wood pieces in the past. Although OSM has many labeling options, there is a limit to the labels.
