---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Part 1: "Irrupt" Change
---
I, like my peers and professors, walked into school on Wednesday, March 11 not knowing it would be our last day. It seems as if whoever was in charge of notifying Hunter College's switch to remote learning did a poor job in doing so, considering many staff members and students found out through a tweet from CUNY's twitter account. Both professors and students had many questions, that were left unanswered with "I don't know"s. In retrospect, perhaps switching to remote learning wasn't as irrupt as it seemed, as many colleges including other CUNYs, switched days prior. Nevertheless, it was an unsettling day, which has yet to seem real to me. We said our goodbyes as for some of us it would be the last time we would be seeing one another. I, at least have 1 or 2 semesters left at Hunter but for others this is their last semester of college and from here they're thrown into the "real world". 

Part 2: Separating (Home)work from Home
---
Being at school reminds me that there's always work to be done. However, being at home changes my attitude to "there's so much time", that it creates an illusion of justified leisuring. This is an attitude I hope to change by associating my desk as a place of work and scheduling time for work. I'll start implementing this routine in the following week. Besides my work ethic and social deprivation, remote sessions have gone surprisingly well. As of now my remote learning environment consists of me in bed alongside my snoring pug. For Open Source, I had no issues connecting to the session via Blackboard Collaboration, and was able to easily follow the lecture. For Symbolic Logic, I like that my professor posted his lectures on Youtube as it allows me to rewatch his lectures and watch the lectures in times 2 speed. Futhermore, I appreciate the camoes from my professor's pets and children in lectures, it's content I didn't know I needed. Albeit, the stream of emails can be overwhelming and the thought of missing just one is daunting.

Part 3: Predictions
---

Four weeks from today
- I'll adjust to remote classes
- approaching peak cases of coronavirus

Eight weeks from now
- new socializing methods 
- hopefully, an improvement in unemployment insurance
- quaratine will continue for at least a few more months

Next on Next.js 
---
- **March 19, 2020 @ 11:12 a.m.**

After Open Source class, we discussed various ways we could meet and times we would be avialable. Ultimately, we decided on a Skype meeting at 1 p.m. the next day. 

- **March 20, 2020 @ 12:00 p.m**

I finally completed the [Next.js tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkOVe40Sy0U) I mentioned in lask week's blog.

- **March 20, 2020 @ 1:00 p.m.**

We took a deep dive into Next.js's issues and made accidental discoveries. When reading issues and discussions, we found out that there's an issue template one must follow. We now have a link to the [issue template](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/canary/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1.Bug_report.md) for future use. Another template was discovered by Luilan, she had found the [feature request template](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/canary/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2.Feature_request.md). **Our biggest discover was the existence of [Next.js's community channel](https://spectrum.chat/next-js?tab=chat).** This was never mentioned in any of the contributing documents nor on their website. Previously we thought the community's only form of communication was through [Next.js's Github's dicussion page](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/discussions). This is our big break as now we can now easily ask for assistance or assit others. Moreover, we discussed other ways to contribute such as adding project examples, answering questions on Next.js, and lastly creating a Next.js wikipedia page. For our next steps, we will be reading [The Next.js Handbook](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-next-js-handbook/), to become competent users of Next.js.

OSS Contributions
---
While reading classmates's blog post, I've found other ways I can contribute to Wikipedia such as by attaching photos to Wikipedia articles. As I read I noted a few grammar mistakes and offered alternative word or phrases to use in their blogs. I also added a Medical center on OpenStreetMap, which required me to redo the outline of the building.
