---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


# Ways I'd like to Contribute to FOSS
  - **Being a Software critic:**
  I consider myself to be somewhat of a film critic (no snubness intended), by this I mean the typical comments people make **AFTER** the end of a film. I have the ability to praise and critique where I see warrants it. Sadly, my critiques go unheard. Thus, I look forward to using my critic abilities to use for once--in FOSS. I have no power to change anything in a film, but I'll have the ability to make a change in FOSS.
  - **Editing Documentation:**
  I know I'm not the first nor the last to be guilty of not looking at the their projects for over 48 hours, and then having the misfortune of not understanding anything they wrote. All the pain, time, and shame wasted on understanding your own program could have been prevented if you kept proper documentation. Anyways, documenting FOSS may help me properly document my own.

# Benefits of FOSS
  - **FOSS Benefits to Your Skills:**
    - **Communication/Collabration:**
    When working on a group project, often times you won't be in the same room as your group members. I consider FOSS to be a giant group project. As many times it is said communication really is key to making things work. I know I'm not the best at communicating how and what my program does, therefore FOSS can only help improve this skill.
    - **Technology:**
    FOSS will open my eyes to software I never knew existed thus, expanding my mind to possibilities I would have never thought of without the exposure of those softwares.
  - **FOSS Benefits to Your Career:**
  By contributing to FOSS I'll be adding to my portfolio which I'll be able to show to prospective employers.
  - **FOSS Benefits to Your Personal Network:**
  Since FOSS is global, my network has the possibility to expand globally.
