---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Committing to a Project (3/2/20 - 3/7/20)
---
Initially, my teammates and I chose Teammates to be the open source project we would work on in the course of this sememster. Upon further inspection, we realized we would have trouble contributing to the project as it required knowledge of [technologies](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) that some of us were not familiar with such as Servlet, Angular, and Google App Engine. Thus our search continued, we created a google docs to share OSS projects we were interested in and created mini project evaulations to aid us in our decision making process. Ultimately, we were drawn to next.js for its plentiful "Good First Issues", and supportive and active community. 

Error After Error (3/7/20 @ 8:40 p.m.)
---
Installing the development environment was a bit of a nightmare. At first, I decided to install it using Ubuntu as it's the operating system I am most comfortable using. After experiencing **error after error** with each step, all involving the installation of yarn, I realized that next.js was not Ubuntu friendly. Perhaps, next.js's [contributing document](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/canary/contributing.md) could use an update(a contributions idea :smirk:). I decided to test my luck on windows, and found the ease of the installation process suspicious.

Testing (3/7/20 @ 11:00 p.m.)
---
All of us decided to run all of next.js's tests. The running time varied from 80-210 minutes. Fortunately, I was the one who "waited" 80 minutes. During that time, I walked my dog for 20 minutes, made some tea, and chatted with teammates on the worrisome implications on our poor overheating laptops :cry:. 

OSS Contributions
---
Contributing to OpenStreetMap every week has made me realize that I'm not aware of my surroundings. After 25 contributions to OpenSteetMap, I was having a tough time thinking of new contributions to make. This week I decided to take pictures of areas I pass by, which allowed me to contribute details of a block on avenue X in Brooklyn. Besides those contributions, I edited a classmate's blog by fixing minor spelling mistakes, which I believe were due to fast typing.
