---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Open Source is Not About You
---
I haven't been in the FOSS scene for too long so I have yet to see the sense of entitlement in FOSS as described by Rich. Nevertheless, I have to agree with Rich. As new contributor to FOSS, I don't have the right to dictate a FOSS project as I desire. I do have the right to suggest my desires and/or contribute my desire. Furthermore, my contributions don't have to be accepted as it may not fit with the vision of the FOSS project.

Wikipedia
---


Next.js
---
Choosing issues 3/14 @ 8:00 p.m.
-
I along with Shania have expressed interests in contributing to Next.js's documents, specifically making them more beginner friendly. At the time my teammates were sending messages regarding choosing issues, I was taking a nap. Nevertheless, I was able to be caught up to speed by 10 p.m.. Liulan found a "good first issue" that wants [additional questions to 'create-next-app'](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues/8090). Meanwhile, Shania found an issue that expresses the need for [more inclusive documentation](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues/9537). We have decided to actively looking for ways to contribute and then putting them up in our shared google docs. We will be having a group meeting via voice/video chat to discuss our decisions next week.

Using Next.js 3/15 @ 5:00 p.m.
-
I started following a [Next.js tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkOVe40Sy0U&t=2209s) recommended by my teammates. I now know the features of Next.js such as its built in CSS support, hot reloading. and intuitive page based routing. I have yet to complete the tutorial but will do in due time.

OSS Contributions
---
Today, I decided to add a nostalgic contribution to OSM. I added "play set" descriptions to a playground I use to play at as a kid. Good times.
